Here are some of the answers to the most commonly asked questions about the IOC's recruitment process.
I would like to apply for a position. What should I do?

Have a cover letter, your latest CV and any relevant certifications that would help support your application ready, then apply for the position of your choice. Read the job details and requirements carefully, and make sure that these are in line with your professional skills.

How can I be notified of new job openings?

You can log in to the IOC job platform by creating an account. You can then complete your online profile and in the Job Management section, in “saved searches/alerts”, you can create a new job alert.

How can I find out the status of my application?

First, check when the deadline for applications was, and then go to “Jobs applied for” where you will see the status. You will always receive an email from us to inform you of the next step.

Where can I see the job description of the position I applied for as it is no longer on the job platform?

We recommend that you save the job description when you apply for a job. That way, you can easily have access to it even after the deadline for applications has passed. If you are selected for the first interview, we will send you the job description by email.

I have just received an invitation for the digital interview. How should I prepare?

Congratulations on making it to the next step of the recruitment process. We have prepared some tips for making the most of your digital video interview. Have a look at them here.

How long does the recruitment process take to conclude?

Positions are usually open for application for up to two weeks. Once the positions are closed, we then begin screening and inviting candidates for interviews. This means that the whole recruitment process from posting the job to making an offer to a candidate can take up to eight weeks to conclude.

Is it possible to obtain feedback if my application is unsuccessful?

It is the IOC's policy to give feedback only to candidates who reach the second round of interviews.

During the recruitment process, who should I contact if I have any questions?

The Talent Acquisition Team is always happy to support you and answer your questions via the following email address rh.cio@olympic.org.

I would like to send a spontaneous application on paper or via email. To whom should I address it?

For data protection reasons and to ensure fairness and efficiency, we accept applications only through the IOC job platform.